spring rolls can be filled with anything
there is Spinoza with chashu the changed
Rose port with shrimp with chicken
vegetarian you can't find two recipes
for singles that are the same so for
today what I did was I made up a
vegetarian spring roll so we have
something that Aryan and especially a
mushroom flavor and what's in it is
shredded nap
this is napa also I'll say this one
wrong ginseng yeah bok choy has a thick
white stock and then a broad dark green
leaf Bob is white joy is vegetable so
this is napa cabbage sometimes also
called shantung okay
it's a very very light taste very crispy
it's very light and the tuesday a
million things i'm stir-fried as a
vegetable
okay so i have shredded up some of that
i shredded up some carrots i prepared
some monkey these are shredded bamboo
shoots the preferred bamboo is called
the winter bamboo shoot it's a little
more tender also they can but they're
whole and they're awkward to deal with
it will say on the can of course you
will not say it will say they changed
okay straight if you look carefully
there also sell them swimsuit and you
could use those but then you have to cut
like this I use these a lot because
they're ready to go drain them squeeze
out the water I recommend you blanch in
boiling water for a minute to get that
sort of can taste out and then use a
mini recipe they're kind of
indestructible
there's the crunchy texture yeah they're
a little bit crunchy even everything can
so here you can see the noodles it's a
bunch of shreds and the key is there's
no liquid it has to be dry if it's wet
when you roll up the spring roll it's
going to show you next
it'll tear or rip it'll break so it
needs to be quite dry and you trust
if I go straight I do it by a drum and
you want to say stir-fry I have a
200,000 BTU outside and burn this row
living in the house I have a stove like
this and you can do it fine you can do
find in the frying pan in this you can
even do it in the non-stick pan these as
long as it says spring roll shelves from
roll wrapper sometimes they'll say lumpy
ax which i think is an Indonesian I
think Filipino okay not too far off the
right
I didn't say Texas and here's the thing
they come in the talk it's about 25 in a
package and they are like all stuck
together
okay they come frozen and you get them
home quickly you leave me in the freezer
but I would rewrap them even the hold
onto him and sometimes they're very hard
to separate I mean it's easy to find the
edge and sometimes you'll pull them
apart these are fine and they won't come
apart easily like this and the trick is
actually to go sort of to the middle and
pull them into two and then keep
dividing if you're having a problem with
them sticking because they just
sometimes they really stick now making
spring rolls is really is rocket science
and so it's really hard and none of you
will ever be able to I can do this so
you take the spring roll wrapper and you
can also get these smaller you can cut
them and make them smaller okay you lay
it down you don't have to let this
really seem to work the best okay you
take where's my other
you take some filling I like to take
about not that much if you put more
filling you'll get a thicker roll I'm
not a big deal so you can see the
mushrooms and the noodles and so forth
and then you bring this corner up put it
past and just pull it back a little bit
kinda like rolling a cigarette so you're
pulling a little to get it a little
tighter okay come over bring up the
sides and actually when you do this the
trick is kind of don't pull this hard
over okay it's right back and you want
to make sure that it isn't going out at
this angle see this one is going
straight or slightly in if it's out when
you roll it up it'll be all wrong so you
just bring it over it doesn't have to be
super neat you'll see why okay and you
roll it up pretty sort of tightening it
as you go
you roll here and you bring your hand
out as you roll a little bit not super
tight but pretty fun I need to take some
glue in this case it's glue in this case
the scrambled egg if you are a vegan you
could use a little library case flour
and water you just need to really seal
the end and you roll it up and that's it
these are hard to make yeah and they're
very delicate and you have to be
extremely careful with these to show you
okay
puts them in that's not the same amount
so it'll be slightly different if you
really want to get them all the same
size you put something down on your
board that's the length you want let's
say it is I wanted to make them all the
size I would put this down and then I
would really that's all I don't have
enough filling I'd unroll it I put a
little work and what you do in a while
you get used to making them pretty
uniform thank you fold it over you fold
it over put a little glue using a pastry
brush
that's it then and these you could
freeze right yeah roll out that reason
they'd be great recipes make sure you
wrap the very airtight that was just a
bad way now okay that's a lot in there
but I'd give it just a bit and then you
fry them until they're just right and
that's it so it sort of can't hurt
really I mean well I was very cold they
would get soggy and then we would just
take him out get the oil hot drop them
in and the oil would come out of them I
don't mean oil that got inside but oil
in the dough yeah if you raise the
temperature it will you know give it up
so when you put them in I don't really
put a few too many I will tell you I
don't know the answers when you have
spring rolls in my personal opinion is
the best thing in the world that you can
put on them the best thing I've ever had
I tried plum sauce which is very gingery
and sticky a little metal porfavor is
there anything in this world that my
ploy yeah I grew up eating that but I
said this is it this is a Thai product I
keep saying China Chinese and now I'm
not asleep very sweet
Wow